and the best way to get the ultimate
roast potato peeler your potatoes and
cut them into the portion size that you
want stick them in a pan cover it with
water and a good pinch of salt bring it
up to the boil and just gently simmer it
for about 20 to 25 minutes until the
potatoes are cooked all the way through
and then gently lift them from the water
with a slotted spoon onto a cooling tray
onto like a cake rack and leave them
there to dry air temperature and they'll
get this kind of lovely droid crust all
around the outside and that's what you
want because that's the bit that will go
crispy and crunchy when you roast them
they get a high-sided baking tray and
stick it in an oven about 180 degrees
with some clean vegetable oil in that
simple it doesn't need to be goose fat
or duck fat then when it's hot take it
out of the oven and gently place the
potatoes in with plenty of room and
space so that they don't kind of all
steam you want them to fry and go crispy
put them back in the oven and roast them
for about 40 minutes but every 10 to 15
take em out and turn em so you get a
nice golden crispy even color all the
way around when they're done take them
out of the oven season them with some
lovely flaky sea salt simple as that
that my friends is the perfect ultimate
roast potato